## Balance Sheet

### Liabilities
Sources of funds, which a company has utilized to purchase all the assets it owns. The usual sources are shareholder’s 
own money (equity), retained earnings (profits earned but not distributed to shareholders) and debt (borrowings from 
banks and other sources)

### Assets
Provide details of the utilization of the money raised under liabilities. Assets comprise of fixed assets, investments and current assets.

#### Fixed Assets
Permanent fixtures that generate revenue year after year for the company e.g. plant & machinery

#### Investments
Reflect the money that the company has invested in different other companies, joint venture, subsidiaries etc. which 
are expected to earn money for the company’s shareholders.

#### Current Assets
Are usually consumed within next one year. Current assets include inventory that gets consumed and gets sold as a 
finished product within a year, cash & similar investments kept by the company to meet day to day requirements and 
money due from customers (account receivables or debtors) and loans given to different parties that are expected to be 
received back within a year).


## CashFlow Statement

A Cash flow statement shows inflow and outflow of cash and cash equivalents from various activities of a company during a particular period.
The net cash flow at the end of the year tells us about the movement of cash on the balance sheet.

### CFO (Cash flow from operation)
Details of the cash that a company has generated in the last financial year. 

### CFI (Cash flow from investment activities)
Details of cash used in making investments or received from selling investments. 
1. Capex
   - Property
   - Plant
   - Equipment
2. Other
   - Purchase of equity/bonds
   - Business acquisition
   - Dividend/Interest Income

Whenever a business purchases a Fixed asset. It is shown as a cash outflow under CFI. Shown as negative.
Whenever a business sells assets, it is shown as positive cash inflow. Thus, cash flowing in under CFI.
Whenever a business earns dividends, it is Cash inflow under Cash flow from investing activities

### CFF (Cash flow from financial activities)
Cash raised from financial institutions as borrowings or repaid to them during the last year.
1. Taking a loan
2. Dividend Payment
3. Loan Repayment
4. Issuing Equity
Whenever a business raises debt or borrowings then it shown as positive cash inflow under Cash Flow from Financing Activities. 
When a business repays borrowings, funds flow out. Thus, it shown as cash outflow under Financing activities

Finance cost: Finance cost means interest paid on borrowings during the year.
Depreciation and Amortisation cost: Depreciation means cost of Physical assets divided in years when assets will be used.


**If you add Cash flow from operations+Cash flow from Investing activities+Net cash flow from Financing activities. It will provide
net cash generated by business**


Important key ratio to look here:
- **CFO to EBITA** (Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization) will reflect whether operating profit is 
converting into cash or not.
A good conversion should be 70% when it comes to B2C business and should be at least 60% when it comes to B2B business.


## Price to Earning ratio (P/E)
It is calculated by dividing the current market price (CMP) of stock by profit/earnings per share (EPS) in last 12 month.


## Eearning per share (EPS)

EPS = PAT(last 12 months)/No. of shares


## Price to Book Value ratio (P/B)
It is calculated by dividing the CMP of a stock with the book value (shareholder’s equity + retained earnings) per share.
- The P/B ratio is very important for companies in the financial sector where most of the assets are cash assets and book 
value is a good indicator of the net worth of the company.

## Market Capitalization
It represents the value of all the shares of a company and indicates the value for which the entire company can be bought at any point of time. 

## Working Capital
Capital of a business which is used in its day-to-day trading operations. For important points:
1. When current assets increase🔼, your cash flow decreases🔽.
2. When Current assets Decrease🔽, your cash flow increases🔼.
3. When current Liabilities increase🔼, your cash flow Increases🔼.
4. When Current Liabilities Decrease🔽, your cash flow decreases 🔽

## Value Migration




